

My name is Chrys Adams, I enjoy teaching myself about programming concepts. I typically do this through coming up with programming projects for myself. I have recently graduated from RIT.

### Projects

#### Spider

One of my recent projects is [Spider](https://github.com/Ocelmot/spider). It is
a distributed system where each user operates a node. This node coordinates
information between the user's devices as well as connections to other user's
nodes. This system allows the implementation of digital services without a
centralized server.

I have been working on this project for several years, and as it has progressed
I have had to learn many topics in programming to achieve the functionality I
needed. At the start I implemented a
[chord](https://github.com/Ocelmot/chord_dht) because I needed the individual
nodes to be able to find and establish connections to each other. Later when I
developed the group functionality, I needed to learn about and implement a
consensus system to ensure that the data shared by the group was the same for
all users.

#### WF Solver

This [project](https://github.com/Ocelmot/WF-Solver) is an implementation of the
wave function collapse algorithm, although its constraint solver can be use to
solve other problems as well. It is written in a generic fashion to allow
different parts of the solver to be customized, from the values of the cells, to
the layout, to the how the layout is constrained.

### Coursework

#### Programming Language Concepts

This course dealt with understanding different programming language styles and
paradigms. The group [project](https://github.com/bootsie123/csci-344-project)
was to create a transpiler to convert code written in a toy language into C,
Java, and Python.

#### Spatial Algorithms and Problem Solving

This course focused on working with spatial data and using tools to create and
manipulate that data. The final [project](https://github.com/Ocelmot/IGME-386) I
chose was to try to determine the area of a watershed. The inputs were a Digital
Elevation Model and a point to select the outflow.

#### Principles of Data Management

This course mainly focused on SQL and general database theory. It also touched
on NoSQL and graph databases. Our group
[project](https://github.com/cowsed/PDMProject) was to create a simple
application to store information about video games and user's accounts,
libraries and playtimes.
